---
layout: default
---

I have a passion for envisioning, anticipating, and creating products with a focus on simplicity. While software has been my primary domain, I believe product development is domain-agnostic. 

Throughout my career, I have engaged in a variety of impactful projects spanning different domains. I have successfully managed the development of a card-making social media app, contributed to improving AI players in a mobile game, and played a key role in the founding and development of a team for the international RoboCup soccer simulation competition. Additionally, I have led the development of a data management software suite for an EU computer-aided manufacturing project ([SIMUTOOL](https://cordis.europa.eu/project/id/680569), 2016-2019), involving companies such as Airbus. My work in this area involved understanding domain-specific requirements, designing an overarching architecture, and supervising a team of developers (this work led to [my PhD](https://n42r.github.io/phd)). Furthermore, I have conducted research in symbolic Artificial Intelligence, robotics, and cognitive science, resulting in the publication of papers in top conferences. See my [project portfolio](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/n42r/n42r.github.io/main/assets/pdf/kasrin_protfolio_upgraded_23.pdf) for more information.

When it comes to developing innovative products, adopting powerful tools can be a competitive advantage. Technology (ex., frameworks, stacks, services) is the first thing that comes to mind when we say tool, however, cutting-edge scientific approaches can sometimes be more valuable "tools."  With a background in engineering and computer science and a proven track record in product development, leadership, and research, I offer a distinct blend of technical expertise and strategic thinking. I thrive in interdisciplinary environments, collaborating with cross-functional teams to drive innovation and deliver successful projects. I am actively seeking opportunities to leverage my skills and experience in a role that combines technical excellence, product development, and leadership, while fostering a collaborative and dynamic work environment (See my [résumé](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/n42r/n42r.github.io/main/assets/pdf/kasrin-resume.pdf) for more information).
 

<!--
I started my journey as an architect, and my passion for research and strategy (building things and looking forward) often led me to doing . This led to my invovlement in product development activities, coordinating efforts between technical, strategic business, and marketing teams within small-to-medium sized startup-like organization. For an overview of the projects I've been involved in during this period, I invite you to explore my [project portfolio](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/n42r/n42r.github.io/main/assets/pdf/kasrin_protfolio_upgraded_23.pdf).

More recently, I have been dedicated to pursuing my doctoral degree, drawing inspiration from my involvement in an EU manufacturing project featuring renowned companies such as Airbus. In this project, I successfully led the development of a data management software suite, with the source code available on (source code: [github.com/simutool](https://github.com/simutool)). At the University of Bamberg in Germany, my PhD research focused on the development of a novel data management architecture—a network of data catalogs—designed for next-generation data architectures like data mesh and other distributed data management ecosystems. For a deeper understanding of my research, you can explore the [abstract of my PhD](https://n42r.github.io/phd).


-->
